adds a few hints to the PR template (#2)
guardian/.github: PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## What does this change?
<!-- A PR should have enough detail to be understandable far in the future. e.g what is the problem/why is the change needed, how does it solve it and any questions or points of discussion. Prefer copying information from a Trello card over linking to it; the card may not always exist and reviewers may not have access to the board. -->

## How can we measure success?
<!-- Do you expect errors to decrease? Do you expect user journeys to be simplified? What can be used to prove this? A filtered view of logs or analytics, etc? -->

## What is the cost of failure?

> <!-- Is this a critical path? Does failure costs money, violates law, ruins reputation? Do we need to alarm on failure? -->

Reviewer: I am not sure if I am keen on this session being added to the default template. I would rather have a section that encourages a focus on risk and safeguards:

------------
## What are the potential risks and how can they be mitigated?
<!-- Is this a critical path? Do we need to alarm on failure? -->
------------

A couple of points just regarding the grammar of this section: 
`costs` -> `cost` 
`violates law` -> `violate laws`

Reviewer 2: Also `ruin reputation` for the same reasons
```suggestion
<!-- Is this a critical path? Does failure cost money, violate laws, ruin reputation? Do we need to alarm on failure? -->
```

## What does this change?

> <!-- Ideally, a PR will have enough detail to continue to be understandable by future travellers. Think about describing why the change is needed, how the change addresses the problem and any questions or points of discussion. -->

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<!-- A PR should have enough detail to be understandable far in the future. e.g what is the problem/why is the change needed, how does it solve it and any questions or points of discussion. -->
```

Reviewer 3: just trying to remove words without changing the meaning.  I was considering also suggesting self-review of the actual code, to pull out any significant areas for extra focus.

Author: Much clearer, thanks!

> I was considering also suggesting self-review of the actual code, to pull out any significant areas for extra focus.

This is super useful, I was thinking `any questions or points of discussion` would act as a prompt for this?
